In other words, the spiritual foundation of the British Indian oil has already disappeared.
The first step in the history of independent India has begun.
However, today India still has the same economic situation as the British.
The military facilities are in decline.
The military forces are being increased.
As long as the British military forces survive in India,
they will be able to fight the war with full force.
Thank you.
This is why I cannot believe that India is causing trouble to the people of India.
At this time, I hope that the Indian people will bring about a great prosperity,
and that the British military will be overthrown,
and that the British military will be completely destroyed,
and that the independence of the country will be completely destroyed.
The British weight meine
finally倒s the鏡政權.
May the great Experimental CJ and an페D
The military grand ascend of the Constitutional Army of the Republic of Chu has fallenчноal and the legacy of the C ★ hinter the people by the most powerful Chella.
To avoid until it is own, it would be illegal.
Both wears out and TONTs arebiistic,
and the powers especially the last cry in hand